I apologize about this guy's a camera
shut off on me unfortunately I do not
have a chance at the million because of
all the bad luck that I had earlier
going with an L and there's no L in the
speed-up puzzle a P four of them grew
for RP seconds if you want to take it
$7,700 so let's see thinking I'm gonna
solve it adopting a puppy last puzzle
show the Phil garner
bonus round for you
you couldn't quite did it but quickly
one 6900 I've won the million twice but
I have not won the hundred thousand
dollars before give the wheel a good
spin if you would
it's the eye and win all right now that
we have our prize envelope let's move on
to the puzzle now food and drink where
your manners food and drink you'll and
course is my finish you memorize it all
right now you need to provide all your
three more consonants
hold on let me up P a C and M
and a let's see what do we get a tea set
now that's it
I can justice solve the puzzle good luck
to you pine nut pine nut hummus yeah
Oh No thirty thousand thirty thousand
dollars
60 $4,600
the game good night everyone
here are the stats from the game that's
five million charter 33 thousand nine
hundred dollars and I'll see you guys
later